it's not close to me sandy well today we
have a pair of lamborghini heads in the
shop and we're doing an oil modification
on the cams and what we're going to be
doing is going to be cutting a small
groove in here on the front cam bearing
to allow oil to go in and drip on the
gears which is a needed thing on these
engines and we're gonna show you how
that's done I'm gonna come back to about
a quarter an inch or six millimeters
from the end of this bearing got the
slot this way here
that's it the reason we're putting this
in here is so that I said we'll get a
little bit more oil flow up to the
campaign which you can see there's been
a little bit of damage here from the
thing wearing out and this will help
that anyway if you have questions about
Lamborghinis cylinder head give me a
Carter closely sorry we can get this
thing in focus there we go we'll see you
soon